Today,
we're going to look a little bit at starting off with kind of a
deeper dive on the front-end part of our application.
So,
we've sort of handwaved at the primary tools in the
front-end toolchain a little bit,
but I wanted to dive in a little bit further and kind of
explain some of the things that are going on there and some
of the tools you'll bring into bear.
Did you have question, Mark?
Yeah,
Phil asked to see an example of how to properly store
credentials in S3 like what was suggested yesterday.
Yeah, yeah definitely.
I don't have that in the materials,
but maybe like over lunch I can whip something up to show that.
It's really just a matter of like creating a S3 bucket,
uploading a credential file there,
and then accessing that S3 bucket from your instances.
But that's essentially what it is,
and that's --- there are different ways to accomplish that,
but having an S3 bucket with restricted access such
that only members of a certain, kind of like we do with RDS,
such that only members of a certain group can have access to that bucket.
So like in theory,
you can configure it such that an administrator creates credentials,
creates the connection strings.
That administrator uploads those values to an S3 bucket,
and only the instances running in production have
access to actually read that S3 bucket.
So me as the developer, like I never know what those values are,
but when I deploy my application,
I read in those values from S3 because I only have
access to that bucket in production.
And that's kind of what we do with our production environment in our ops team.
They provision the credentials,
and they give our production instances access to that bucket,
and then we read in those credentials from there.
So at a high level, that's how it works.
But yeah, so I'll see if I can do a specific example,
but that's essentially what it would be,
provisioning an S3 bucket and giving permissions to the
Node app to read from that bucket, but only in production.
So again,
I think what we're going to lead off with today is diving a
little bit more into the front-end toolchain.
We'll start off with a little look at Browserify and Sass,
kind of the two primary tools we're using for our
JavaScript and CSS code preprocessing.
We'll dive into a few of those features,
do a few little tweaks to our todomvc-plusplus application with those tools.
And then we'll spend a good amount of time this morning,
we might extend the workshop time a little bit since
it'll be a new framework for most of you,
talking about Vue.
js.
Maybe it's voo, maybe it's vue.
I don't know.
I always said vue.
I thought it was just a cleaver way of saying vue.
But we'll be extending Vue.
js with a few more features that we've been lacking in the todo
application like actually persisting the state of a todo item to
the database and also playing a little bit with some of the
capabilities Vue has on the Vue model and hopefully getting a
little bit more familiar there.
We'll also do a,
kind of an extended live code walkthrough some of the key features of the
framework just to give people a taste of how it works.
After that, we'll dive into adding some real-time features to our application.
Again, we'll do a little bit of a code walkthrough on how Socket.
IO works at high level,
and then we'll add a specific real-time feature into the todomvc
application so we can see how we can maybe update that todo list in real
time as folks are adding more items to the list.
We'll take a little break.
We may or may not start Socket.
IO or finish Socket.
IO before break.
We'll kind of play that by ear.
Then this afternoon we'll talk about a couple of tools that we use
in our production applications for load testing.
We'll take a quick look at a tool called Locust,
which'll help you do some load testing on your web applications.
And then we'll have you, in the exercise,
actually integrate a tool that we found really useful called Rollbar,
which is a service which tracks exceptions that are raised
by your application and allows you to send out
notifications with that information.
So, we'll actually integrate that into our todomvc application as well.
Then we'll wrap up with some web analytics basics.
Google Analytics is a tool we use all the time,
and I think it's sometimes poorly understood by developers,
or maybe developers feel there's nothing you can that
you glean that useful from this tool,
so we'll talk a little bit about some of the
information that you can get from the tool.
We'll look at --- I'll try to equip you with a couple skills
within the Google Analytics UI that you can use to track
effectiveness of your web applications,
and then we'll look at the technical implementation side and add a couple
Analytics tracking features to our todo application.
And then we'll wrap up with some Q&A,
and if there are specific topics that we want to dive deeper on,
maybe we can look at that.
Yeah, maybe we can look at the S3 bucket bit there,
maybe do some live coding there.
But yeah, that's kind of what we're going to do here on day two,
and it's going to be a lot of code, and I hope you enjoy doing it as much as I do.